gh-136523: fix wave.Wave_write emitting an unraisable when open raises (#136529)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-11-03-39-15.gh-issue-136523.s7caKL.rst

> Fix ``wave.Wave_write.__del__`` raising :exc:`AttributeError` when attempting to open an unwritable file.

Reviewer: This one's up to you, but I personally like keeping implementation details out of the changelog. Instead of mentioning `Wave_write.__del__`, how about we just say something like this?

```suggestion
Fix :class:`wave.Wave_write` emitting an unraisable :exc:`AttributeError` when attempting to open an unwritable file.
```
